# Lingucidity: A Lucid Intermediary of Language Learning
When vacationing in foreign countries, many tourists encounter difficulties due to linguistic and cultural barriers. Though some have the luxury of time to learn a language by extended use of educational apps, the majority are unable to achieve fluency over short-term stays; regardless, some travelers may attempt to learn the language of their destination even while relying on translation apps for necessary communication. Unfortunately, relying heavily on translation apps can impede long-term language acquisition by hindering immersion in the target language, particularly for beginners encountering a new language abroad. This effect is compounded by the inherent pitfalls of automated translation, as its necessarily literal interpretations of the user's input are limited by the user's own conversational conventions and cannot account for the conversational and colloquial norms of other cultures. Therefore, our aim is to address these challenges by offering a solution that enables users to communicate effectively with locals while inviting them to more intentionally engage with the translation process as a first step towards acquisition.

Our app, Lingucidity, is a portmanteau of "linguistic" and "lucidity." Lingucidity fills the sometimes subconscious gap between basic translation apps like [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com)—which are utilitarian but intellectually unengaging—and language learning apps like [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com), which are intellectually rigorous but not immediately practical for navigating unfamiliar environments. To bridge this gap, Lingucidity offers access to a carefully curated list of essential, useful, pre-translated words and phrases in the target language, which are tailored to the user's needs *and* consciously account for the social and cultural context in which the user currently resides. Further, as an alternative to the utilitarianism of traditional translators, Lingucidity offers "transparent" translation, which allows users to examine the alternate translations and grammatical characteristics of individual words (tense, conjugation, person, etc. using [Wordreference](https://wordreference.com))—which enables more critical engagement with the translation and facilitates greater connections between the original and target language than would otherwise be possible in a translator with raw output.

[Lingucidity Client](https://github.com/Team-Equipo/client)\
[Lingucidity Service](https://github.com/Team-Equipo/service)\
\
# Team Members
Haneum Cha, Jason Chew, Chris Jeong, Daniel Kim, Jiho Kim
